refactor: remove str_enc wrappers (#30915)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• |vim.fs.rm()| can delete files and directories.
• |vim.validate()| now has a new signature which uses less tables,
  is more peformant and easier to read.

> • |vim.str_byteindex()| and |vim.str_utfindex()| now have new signatures
>   which offer more flexibility and are easier to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• |vim.str_byteindex()| and |vim.str_utfindex()| gained new parameters,
  including a parameter to choose the encoding.
```
